Artificial Intelligence    Intelligence is a critical element that contributes to the development of human society. For human beings, intelligence embodies the subjective consciousness, and is generally regarded as the sign of distinguishing human beings and animals. People want to extend their hands and brains to improve life and develop society, so they focus on using their own intelligence and man-made technology to invent a variety of useful tools and machines (Vardi, 2012). This is an initial step of artificial intelligence (AI). Since the early 20th century, AI had just realized a critical transformation from industrial society to information society; however, people increasingly worry their positions will be replaced by ¡°almighty¡± AI someday (Vardi, 2012). This would overestimate the part of AI, as it has in-born weaknesses and is usually used as auxiliary mean. This paper will demonstrate the advantages and weaknesses of AI, and the relationship between human beings and AI. At last, the paper will suggest how to deal with such human-technology confusion.    Artificial intelligence (AI) basically belongs to one type of advanced computer simulation technologies, which is used to imitate human¡¯s thinking and intelligent behaviors. AI is believed to extend human brains when replacing people to analyze a great many of complicated computer information, and extend human¡¯s limbs when AI controlled robots carry the baggage for their masters, just to name a few. It is superior to the early-stage intelligence that could just make human¡¯s physical activities convenient (Michalski et al, 2013). One of the most impressive cases about AI excellence is when IBM Supercomputer DARK BLUE conquered World Chess Grandmaster, Kasparov in 1997. After that amazing success, people began to make research on the fact whether machines have exactly the same or similar levels of intelligence as human being, meanwhile people began to worry that AI would replace them sooner or later.  